===============================================================
Methodology of teaching sciences with computational perspective
===============================================================

Introduction
------------

.. only:: latex

   .. attention::

       This document has online version which contains live code cells
       allowing for explorations without need of installation of any
       software. it can be found at:

            -  `<http://visual.icse.us.edu.pl/methodology/>`_



This publication contains scenarios and materials for over 20h lessons in
mathematics and physics. It is mostly intended for use in highschools.

The scripts developed in the project using Python are recommended for
use in a variety of ways, depending on the needs and capabilities of
students and teachers. Thus, they can be used directly during class
activities or in the form of workshops, provided that the number of
teaching hours is at the teacher's disposal. Materials or parts can
also be used in home work using the innovative "flipped teaching"
method, where pupils in homework analyze the underlying
knowledge. This is a new topic and the lesson is devoted to
consolidating and deepening the acquired knowledge and skills (as
opposed to the classical methods whereby the basic knowledge is
introduced during the lesson and the self-development of the material
is done at home). Finally, our materials can be used to explore and
broaden the knowledge and skills of students and students with special
educational needs (gifted students and those who have the need for
self-development or who need to use numerical methods for solving
problems using a publicly accessible tool) learn outside the school
for self-study, as well as by all those who are interested in
repetition, consolidation and extension of knowledge.

The lesson scenarios from the iCSE4school project can also be used to
work with students with less potential in the arts by presenting
pieces of our materials by teachers, as well as in the form of
workshop work, where students modify the source texts themselves,
watching the effects of these changes and formulating appropriate
conclusions. This way of using materials not only creates
opportunities for teachers and young people, but also effectively uses
classroom scenarios using Python in working with younger learners at
earlier stages of education.

The materials from the iCSE4school project can be used in e-learning,
blended-learning, and m-learning, using computers or other devices (eg
smartphones, tablets); with access to the internet.



During the project students and teachers from two highschools worked
on SageMath servers. They have created almost 3000 documents, some of
them have been "published" and can be viewed:

        -  `<https://sage01.icse.us.edu.pl/pub/>`_
        -  `<https://sage03.icse.us.edu.pl/pub/>`_

.. only:: latex

        .. raw:: latex
            
            \vfill\doclicenseThis


               


Teaching materials: Mathematics
-------------------------------

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1
 
   iCSE4s_MAT_z19_Limit_and_continuity_of_a_function_at_a_point_ENG_v0.1.rst
   from_point_to_point.rst
   amazing_approximation.rst
   iCSE4s_MAT_z07v2_EN_KJ_Math_of_RSA_cipher.rst
   iCSE4s_MAT_z09v1_EN_Polynomial_approximations.rst
   iCSE4s_MAT_z18v0.1_Differential_equations_ENG.rst


Teaching materials: Physics
---------------------------


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   Final_z01_String_AO_EN.rst
   Final_z02_SoundWaves_AO_EN.rst
   Final_z03_AcEff_AO_EN.rst                                                   
   Final_z04_AccMotion_AO_EN.rst
   Final_z05_Collisions_AO_EN.rst


